Web Development Task 4
Task Description:
Develop a landing page for a community website using HTML and CSS. The landing page should 
include a navigation menu, a banner image or video, and sections for featured content, recent 
updates, and upcoming events. The page should be designed to be visually appealing, easy to 
navigate, and responsive to different screen sizes. The use of CSS styling and layout techniques 
should be used to create a consistent visual style throughout the page. Additionally, the landing page 
should be optimized for search engines and have a clear call to action to encourage visitors to explore 
the rest of the website.. After completing the task, you need to copy the code and convert it into a 
PDF file and take screenshots of the output.
Technical Requirements:
•To complete this task, you should have a basic understanding of HTML and CSS.
You should be able to use HTML tags to structure the content of the page, and CSS to add style and 
layout to the elements.
•You can use Internal Styling/External Styling.
•You should also know how to take screenshots and convert code to a PDF file.
Task Steps:
1.Open a new file in a code editor and save it with an appropriate name, such as "communities.html"
2.Create the basic structure of an HTML document by adding your code.
3.Add the necessary HTML elements to create the structure of the page.
4.Add the necessary CSS styles inside the style tag in the head section to style the HTML elements.
Task Submission Steps:
1.Once you finish the task, please copy the code and convert it into a PDF file. Additionally, please 
take screenshots of the outputs.
2.Next, create a folder where you can upload the PDF file of your code and screenshots of the
outputs. Once you have uploaded these files, convert the folder into a zip file and submit it using the 
given Google Form link for task submission.
Task Submission Deadline:
The deadline of task submission will be Tuesday 16-5-2023 till 5:00 pm.