E-commerce Website Task 3
Task Description:
You are required to prepare a home page for an E-Commerce Online Shopping Website using HTML 
and CSS. In this task, you need to use CSS inside HTML and do not create an external CSS file. You 
should include the following headlines: "Electronics," "Clothing," "Footwear," "Furniture," Within the 
above section, include all the products like brands offered by the Website . You should use internal 
styling to apply the necessary styles to your HTML elements.In this You can do both Styling no barrier 
for styling After completing the task, you need to copy the code and convert it into a PDF file and take 
screenshots of the output.
For Example:
Electronics< Mobiles<Apple=Samsung=Redmi=One plus
According to this use Clothing /Footwear /And Furniture Section
Note: You can use any language for designing like JS /PHP (only if you have knowledge)
You can take the help of other E commerce website like Amazon & Flipkart 
Technical Requirements:
• To complete this task, you should have a basic understanding of HTML and CSS. You should be 
able to use HTML tags to structure the content of the page, and CSS to add style and layout to 
the elements.
• Use Internal Styling.
• You should also know how to take screenshots and convert code to a PDF file.
Task Steps:
1. Open a new file in a code editor and save it with an appropriate name, suchas 
"college_homepage.html."
2. Create the basic structure of an HTML document by adding your code.
3. Add the necessary HTML elements to create the structure of thepage.
4. Add the necessary CSS styles inside the style tag in the head section to style the HTML elements.
Task Submission Steps:
1. Once you finish the task, please copy the code and convert it into a PDF file. Additionally,
Please take screenshots of the outputs.
2. Next, create a folder where you can upload the PDF file of your code and screenshots of the 
outputs. Once you have uploaded these files, convert the folder into a zip file and submit it 
using the given Google Form link for task submission.
Task Submission Deadline:
 The deadline of task submission will be Tuesday 9-5-2023 till 5:00 pm.